Aev/mfa update (#438)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/data/transfer/filezilla.rst

Data transfer with FileZilla
############################

FileZilla is a free and easy-to-use FTP-style program to
transfer files to and from your VSC account on the clusters.

> You can also put FileZilla with your private key on a USB stick to
> access your files from any internet-connected PC.

Reviewer: As this assumes key-based authentication it should also be addressed in this PR, and I think the best is to just remove this altogether. If this approach needs to be advertised (which I doubt), it would rather belong in pages like "Security Keys" or "Access from multiple computers" (but so I don't recommend adding it there either).
```suggestion
```

You can `download FileZilla`_ from the `FileZilla project page`_.

Prerequisites
=============

All users need to setup an :ref:`SSH agent <SSH agent>` before proceeding.

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: KU Leuven
   

>       You need to inject an SSH certificate into your agent, if not already.
>       For that, you may either visit the
>       `VSC firewall page <https://firewall.vscentrum.be>`_, or login to the
>       :ref:`Open OnDemand portal <ood_t2_leuven>`, or login separately via
>       terminal (for Linux/MacOS users) or
>       :ref:`PuTTY <text mode access using PuTTY>`/:ref:`MobaXterm <access using mobaxterm>`
>       (for Windows users).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      You need to :ref:`get an SSH certificate into your agent <mfa-with-ssh-agent>,
      if you haven't done so already.
```

Data transfer with FileZilla
############################

FileZilla is a free and easy-to-use FTP-style program to
transfer files to and from your VSC account on the clusters.

You can also put FileZilla with your private key on a USB stick to
access your files from any internet-connected PC.

You can `download FileZilla`_ from the `FileZilla project page`_.

Prerequisites
=============

All users need to setup an :ref:`SSH agent <SSH agent>` before proceeding.

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: KU Leuven
   
      You need to inject an SSH certificate into your agent, if not already.
      For that, you may either visit the
      `VSC firewall page <https://firewall.vscentrum.be>`_, or login to the
      :ref:`Open OnDemand portal <ood_t2_leuven>`, or login separately via
      terminal (for Linux/MacOS users) or
      :ref:`PuTTY <text mode access using PuTTY>`/:ref:`MobaXterm <access using mobaxterm>`
      (for Windows users).

>    .. tab-item:: UHasselt, UGent, VUB, UAntwerpen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. tab-item:: UGent, VUB, UAntwerpen
```

      You need to load your private SSH key into your :ref:`SSH agent <SSH agent>`.

Configuration of FileZilla to connect to a login node
=====================================================

#. Start FileZilla
#. Open the Site Manager using the 'File' menu
#. Create a new site by clicking the 'New Site' button
#. In the tab marked 'General', enter the following values (all other
   fields remain blank):

   .. tab-set::

      .. tab-item:: KU Leuven

         - Host: ``login.hpc.kuleuven.be``
         - Server Type: 'SFTP - SSH File Transer Protocol'
         - Logon Type: 'Interactive'

>          - User: *your own* VSC user ID, starting as ``vsc3``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         - User: *your own* VSC user ID
```

           .. figure:: filezilla/site_manager_kul.png

>               :alt: FileZilla's site manager for KU Leuven/UHasselt site 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              :alt: FileZilla's site manager for KU Leuven clusters
```

>       .. tab-item:: UHasselt, UGent, VUB, UAntwerpen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      .. tab-item:: UGent, VUB, UAntwerpen
```

         -  Host: fill in the hostname of the VSC login node of your home
            institution. You can find this information in the :ref:`overview
            of available hardware on this site <hardware>`.
         -  Server Type: 'SFTP - SSH File Transfer Protocol'
         -  Logon Type: 'Normal'
         -  User: *your own* VSC user ID, e.g. vsc98765

            .. figure:: filezilla/site_manager_non_kul.png
               :alt: FileZilla's site manager for UGent, VUB, UAntwerpen

#. Optionally, rename this setting to your liking by pressing the
   'Rename' button
#. Press 'Connect' and enter your passphrase when requested

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: KU Leuven

      As long as your SSH agent is running and keeping a valid SSH certificate,
      you stay connected via FileZilla and you do not require additional
      configuration.

>    .. tab-item:: UHasselt, UGent, VUB, UAntwerpen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. tab-item:: UGent, VUB, UAntwerpen
```
